[0.35] Local Team docs (#3741)
astronomer/docs: software/import-idp-groups.md

After configuring your IdP group, at least one user belonging to the group has to log in to Software before the group appears as a Team in the Software UI. To quickly import many groups at once, add a user to all groups and then log in to Astronomer Software UI with the user's credentials.

After configuring and importing user groups, Workspace Admins and Deployment Admins can configure those groups as Teams using the Software UI. You can add Teams to Workspace and Deployments in the same way that you add individual users.

> ## Create Teams for local users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create local Teams
```

> If you want to create a Team of Astronomer users who don't belong to an IdP group, you can enable local Team creation. 

Reviewer 2: "If you want to create a Team of Astronomer users, and the team doesn't map to a group in the IdP, you can enable local team creation."

This is more about being able to create the *team* object that doesn't exist in the idp, not necessarily users that don't exist int he idp.

Reviewer 2: I would also name this section "create local teams", not create local users.

Reviewer 3: True. Users can be idp users too. So, it should be named as -> ## Create local Teams.
If you want to create a Team of Astronomer users locally, you can enable local Team creation.

> If you want to create a Team of Astronomer users who don't belong to an IdP group, you can enable local Team creation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create a Team of Astronomer users, and the team doesn't map to a group in the IdP, you can enable local team creation. 
```

To enable the feature, add the following configuration to your `values.yaml` file and [apply the change to your installation](apply-platform-config.md).

```yaml
astronomer: 
  houston:
    config:
      # Auth configuration.
      auth:
      # Local database (user/pass) configuration.
        local:
          enabled: false
          teams:

>             enabled: false

Reviewer 3: This local.teams.enabled flag should be set to true in order to use this feature.

>         local:
>           enabled: false
>           teams:
>             enabled: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        local:
          enabled: true
          teams:
            enabled: true
```

```

Then, to create a local Team:

1. In the Software UI, open the **System Admin** menu, then click **Teams**.
2. Click **Create Team**.

> 3. Give the team a name and a description, then select all local users that you want in the Team.

Reviewer 3: "select all the users", instead of "select all local users"

> 3. Give the team a name and a description, then select all local users that you want in the Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Give the team a name and a description, then select all the users that you want in the Team.
```
